# IslaPerlas
A travel blog about the beaches on the Philippines

Welcome to the website guide the features of the website. This project is made using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript to demonstrate its feature through a clean and user-friendly design. It includes multiple sections like the index page, about page, and contact page that cater to specific content and functionality. Its design and user interface make it easily accessible and engaging for the user.
The index.html page is the front page of the site and, therefore, introduces the main features of the site which are the popular and hidden gem beaches in the Philippines, their location and a short description about them. The about page, as its name suggests, details the website by providing insight into the blogs Mission, Vision, Core Purpose, and the story behind its creation. The contact page enables users to reach out via a form and social media also including the address of the owner. The site also has custom fonts incorporated into it, which will give a unique branding feature. A responsive design, as achieved in the styles.css file, will make the layout have a summer vibe to the blog and is responsive in all types of devices. JavaScript functionality, via jscripts.js, will give interactivity to the site like the read me function, animation, and submit button.
The project is built on various technologies that ensure a smooth user experience. HTML structures and organizes the content on the webpage, while CSS handles all the styling and layout work, giving the site an excellent look and feel. JavaScript adds interactive features for dynamic functionality. Custom font usage, like Borisna, Rockybilly, and Whispur, adds unique typographic beauty to the site.
